Assignment name: Assignment 5 craps
TCSS 305 A: Programming Practicum, Fall 2022


Name: Tyler Robinson
UWNetID: tkr25 


Assignment Overview:
Create a game of craps using java swing GUI.


Technical Impression:
I decided to use a static craps class, as tom suggested, as a possible implementation
The logic in the model came to me pretty easily since that's the type of code
I'm most used to working with. I had trouble in the beginning with the GUI
mostly just brain block because it's not something I'm used to doing. I met with
Tom and I helped me with a couple of problems I was having getting anything to 
display. Once he helped me get the die to display,y honestly I felt a lot more 
confident,t and I was able to work through the rest of the problems myself. I was
trying to use some of the built-in layout options but found it harder to deal
with trying to get things in the right place than just setting the bounds for each
piece individually. I'm not sure if having so many instance fields was the right
way to go, but I felt it was the only way I should be gathering information from 
the model is through instance fields in the view. Also, I felt anything getting updated
needed to be an instance field because that was the only way to add listeners
in another method than the method creating each panel. I had the initial idea 
to use a separate method for the point roll than the initial roll and confirmed with
Tom, it was an ok idea to use two buttons to help control the state of the game
as opposed to the one roll button. Using a Joptionpane for the input for the bank 
was something I had to look up a little on the internet because we weren't 
provided an example like that, but to me, it was a good idea, so there isn't any
setting or messing with the bank, outside when the joptionpane method is called. 
Figuring out how to restart the game when the bank was empty was something 
that took longer than it should have. My final solution was pretty simple just 
checking when the roll buttons are pressed, but I spent a lot of time trying to 
fire a property change when it was unnessisarry. I really spent a lot of time
and put a lot of energy into this product and i hope it shows. 


Unresolved problems in my submission:

I kept a bunch of magic number and repeated strings. I felt like i was already
using too many static field but maybe i should have made more for everything.


Citations and Collaborations:
I used the bookstore assignment text box focus listener.
I used stack overflow for some help with the Joptionpanes. 

Extra Credit Attempted:
i tried to get the dice to draw new pictures and I tried to make music play but 
wasn't successful. 

On the music i'm pretty sure i did everything right just couldn't find a correct wav file
that was supported. I found wav music files but it gave an error message that the ones 
i had wasn't supported. 

I added my shortcuts to the about bar so you can see all the shortcuts. 
I put in a lot of time to keep the code tidy and the finished product looking
good. 

Questions:
none